yes yes
hello friends welcome to a new
cutting program and correction channel
today we continue talking about how
enrich our stories are often
come to the workshop a lot of stories that
pose situations really very
interesting at the beginning or very basic
but then they get better but
there is a characteristic that affects the
most of the stories are
predictable one more are predictable or
less will watching for where they shoot the
things is that of stealing
yours and they fished him or also robbery whose and
I can not fish it's say there are things
that one is waiting for them to
the characters the grace is
precisely in achieving was in that story
paradoxical component that paradox that
makes things go to a place
completely
undetermined by the suspicions more
suspicious of the reader how to do that
well look really what to see in each
case what is in our hands
but I remember something wonderful that
he said 'he did not say once he said
when a man goes to monte carlo and makes
jump the bench when the roulette
He returns home and cheerfully
he spends his income squandering for all the
homeland is not fucked either there is no
story
when the story came from if there is a story
When a man goes to Monte Carlo he does
jump the bench returns to his house and he
productive there is the thing there is the
thing is something that the viewer in the
case of the cinema or the reader in the case of
the novel or the story are not waiting
you will remember me did help me
producer to show you this book
can this be called rod taylor 3
a zoom by the ico
with taylor in which teach the movie
birds this great wonderful movie
at the beginning of the movie we see it to
rod taylor playing him a little bird come
as he is tormenting him by compiling
in the through the cage of the
bars but look forward the
movie what can get to achieve a
grand master narration as was the fat
look
at the end of the movie
a little bird is playing with rod taylor
What the issue costs me is how to achieve
how to make that happen
helicoid that leads from this plane to this
another one that was in the middle so that
things have changed so much good there
is each one going to be seeing in his
narration how to achieve that but a
relationship can not end as there was
started there are changes that are being made
throughout the whole narrative process
remember if a man roa montecarlo and
he makes the bank jump he returns to his house and
enjoy your income there is no history
is precisely what the viewer
is waiting but if a man goes back to
your home after you have won the
Roulette is shot and also that the
Silver does not make anyone's happiness but
that calms the nerves enough not
whatever happened so that this
sir decide precisely to remove the
life that's a mystery and we're going to
try to go revealing the programs
problems in this that is being cut
and corruption
more program to which I ask you please
a thumbs up we have it there metrobus
house we see here are boys an area
rural to arm being of frame and its
cutting and corruption workshop and see you
week to week in this many space
Thank you